(Episode 39)
What's wrong?
Does your leg hurt again? You said it got better.
It's not that this time.
I sprained my ankle when I was getting off the car.
- Let me see. - I'm okay.
I said I'm okay.
Are you really okay? Do you think you can operate?
What if I can't? Can you do it for me?
My gosh.
Don't worry. It's just a little sore.
Scalpel.
Irrigation. Suction.
(Suction: Sucking out blended gas or fluid)
Retractor.
(Retractor: Tools used to widen the incision)
How did it go?
Her surgery went well.
The patient is stable now, so you can move her right away.
Okay, we will.
- Thank you. - You can go in.
I brought you coffee.
What is it? Does your leg still hurt?
A little.
Ask Dr. Kim to give you acupuncture. He says it's effective.
Don't you want to?
Could you bring me some medicinal patches?
How about you get an x-ray first?
Your knee looks a bit swollen.
I don't think so.
Get an x-ray. What if there's a hairline fracture?
What if it gets worse and you need a cast?
Who will operate on our patients?
Shall I, then?
You just love to operate.
Just one mention of operating, and you immediately changed...
Nurse Yoo.
- Do you need help? - No.
Shall I...
get Doctor Kwak for you?
Why would you do that?
I wonder. Why would I do that?
Doctor.
A hairline fracture?
You'd be in much worse shape if that were the case.
Your leg would've swollen incredibly.
Right?
- Forget it, then. - Stay.
Let's just do it.
It's best to be safe than sorry.
Lie down.
Let's have a look.
Don't you move.
(X-ray room)
Don't do this.
Nurse Yoo seems to know about us.
What about her?
What did she say?
You can't break the first rule.
What was the first rule?
"Do not hold my wrist on the hospital ship."
- Can I hold your ankle, then? - What?
- I'll do it. - Stay still.
Let's have a look.
Is Doctor Song's bone fractured or not?
Wait.
What's this?
This is...
Do you have the results?
Send them to me.
Doctor Song.
Come and sit down.
Why? Does it look bad?
Sit down.
Is this...
mine?
Is it mine?
Let's take another x-ray.
That's done.
Tie it nice and tight. The wind's picking up.
Sure.
- Great job. - Bye.
Why haven't you changed yet? Aren't you going home?
You can go ahead.
Doctor Song and I have some things to do.
I think you can do that back at the dorm.
I told you to go ahead.
If I may remind you both,
you two are in charge of dinner tonight.
Yes. What do we eat if you both stay?
Figure something out.
Or starve.
Skipping one meal won't kill you.
Let's go, Mr. Chu.
We're not done talking.
- Mr. Chu. - You heard me.
Why won't you just listen?
Hyun.
- Did you get caught? - What do you mean?
Did he catch you and Doctor Song getting up to no good?
Hey.
So,
what do you think they're so serious about?
It's osteosarcoma, isn't it?
(Osteosarcoma: A malignant bone growth)
You'll need a biopsy to be sure.
Get up. You're coming with me.
Let's get a biopsy right away.
Go and get changed.
- Mr. Chu. - Or go in that.
I will...
deal with it.
What do you mean?
I don't want...
the others...
to know I'm sick.
Why?
Are you afraid of being a nuisance?
Who cares? We're family.
I'm not asking for a favor as a colleague.
I'm not asking as Doctor Song.
I'm just a patient...
asking a medical professional...
to keep her medical records a secret.
Please...
keep my secret, Mr. Chu.
I will.
- What about the biopsy? - I'll get it done.
Are you sure?
Is there a bump here?
Doctor, are you hurt?
It's quite cold.
Hey, hey, what do you think you're doing?
- Stop it. - Come here.
- Come here. - Oh dear.
What have you done?
I guess the mailman just tossed it over.
What's wrong with you? Why are you always eating paper?
You can't be a dog. You're a goat, aren't you?
- Who is it? - Who's what?
Whose mail did he chew up?
Only he will know. The name's in his stomach.
- He ate the address? - Yes.
- Whose is it? - I don't know.
"The Royal London Hospital"?
It must be from the UK.
Is it for Doctor Song?
What is?
- What's all this? - Did Doctor Song...
apply to an emergency hospital in England?
- What? - It looks like it.
You didn't know?
- This was it. - What is it?
The reason Mr. Chu was upset.
He's upset she wants to leave just when...
we got a working surgery on board.
That makes sense.
It looks so good.
Pork is the best.
[VIU Ver] Episode 39 Hospital Ship "Ominous Sign"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're working hard until late.
What brings you here?
The patient shows signs of osteosarcoma.
I want to ask for biopsy.
"Patient X"? What kind of name is it?
It's a candidate for a clinical trial.
The patient asked for anonymity.
I see. Okay.
- How long will it take? - Maybe one day.
It can be quicker if you're in a hurry.
- By tomorrow morning? - I'll try.
I'll buy you coffee.
(Kwak Hyun)
The test result came out.
It's osteosarcoma as you expected.
It's one of the most virulent types of cancer.
If it had spread to the lungs,
the patient's survival rate drops by half.
I gave you the result much earlier than you asked.
Aren't you thankful? You'd better buy me that coffee.
Where were you?
- I was at the ER. - Did you get a call?
Why didn't you answer the phone?
Let me go. I'm tired.
- Dr. Song. - I'm tired.
Have you talked to Dr. Song?
What did she say? Will she go to England?
- Hyun. - Hey.
Why do you talk so much?
Stay out of their business.
- Don't forget to take the medicine. - Okay.
- It'll be provided outside. - Okay.
- Please take care. - Goodbye.
Everything looks good. I'll see you next week.
Please take care.
(Kwak Hyun)
Are you looking for treasure or something?
You startled me.
Were you only startled?
You smell good.
Do you want to...
- go somewhere tomorrow? - Where?
A nice place.
A nice place?
That sounds good.
Shall we take a picture together too?
That doesn't sound like you.
I told you. A person can change.
All right.
No, let's use my cellphone today.
1, 2, 3.
You're hiding something, right?
What is it?
Tell me.
Just say it.
If you don't want to, shall I?
You want to leave, right?
To the UK.
You want to get training at the trauma center in London.
Isn't that right?
How did you know that?
Is that what you've been thinking about for the last few days?
You look drawn.
I'm disappointed.
Why didn't you discuss it with me?
Did you think I'd stop you?
Did you think I was that stubborn to stop you...
from doing what you want?
- No. - What then?
Did you think I'd cheat on you...
if we have a long-distance relationship?
It's not that.
Why are you hesitating then?
You can just go without worrying.
Are you...
really okay with that?
Can I go?
If you promise me we'll video chat every day.
From now on, don't worry yourself about how I would feel.
I want you to feel free to talk to me about anything.
I want to help you and support you.
I don't want to tie you down.
You're getting teary again.
You know what?
You act like you're a very strong person,
but you're actually a crybaby.
Listen.
If I tell you I don't want to go back...
If I tell you I don't want to go back to the dormitory...
and just be with you tonight,
would that make me a shallow woman?
(Episode 40 will air shortly.)